tests/lib/checks/beman_standard/readme/data/invalid/invalid-implements-v1.md, before:

# beman.exemplar: A Beman Library Exemplar

<!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 WITH LLVM-exception -->

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line line-length -->

![Library Status](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bemanproject/beman/refs/heads/main/images/badges/beman_badge-beman_library_under_development.svg) ![Continuous Integration Tests](https://github.com/bemanproject/exemplar/actions/workflows/ci_tests.yml/badge.svg) ![Lint Check (pre-commit)](https://github.com/bemanproject/exemplar/actions/workflows/pre-commit.yml/badge.svg)

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line line-length -->

`beman.exemplar` is a minimal C++ library conforming to [The Beman Standard](https://github.com/bemanproject/beman/blob/main/docs/BEMAN_STANDARD.md). This can be used as a template for those intending to write Beman libraries. It may also find use as a minimal and modern C++ project structure.

**Implements**: `std::identity` proposed in [Standard Library Concepts](https://wg21.link/P0898R3).

**Status**: [Under development and not yet ready for production use.](https://github.com/bemanproject/beman/blob/main/docs/BEMAN_LIBRARY_MATURITY_MODEL.md#under-development-and-not-yet-ready-for-production-use)

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line line-length -->

This is a valid README.md file that follows the Beman Standard: the title is properly formatted with the library name and a short description.

This is a valid README.md file that follows the Beman Standard: the badges are properly formatted.

This is a valid README.md file that follows the Beman Standard: the purpose is properly formatted.

This is a valid README.md file that follows the Beman Standard: the implements is properly formatted.

This is a valid README.md file that follows the Beman Standard: the library status is properly formatted.

This is a valid README.md file that follows the Beman Standard: the license is properly formatted.

Commit message:

[beman-tidy] Implement README.LICENSE

tests/lib/checks/beman_standard/readme/data/invalid/invalid-implements-v1.md, after:

# beman.exemplar: A Beman Library Exemplar

<!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 WITH LLVM-exception -->

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line line-length -->

![Library Status](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bemanproject/beman/refs/heads/main/images/badges/beman_badge-beman_library_under_development.svg) ![Continuous Integration Tests](https://github.com/bemanproject/exemplar/actions/workflows/ci_tests.yml/badge.svg) ![Lint Check (pre-commit)](https://github.com/bemanproject/exemplar/actions/workflows/pre-commit.yml/badge.svg)

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line line-length -->

`beman.exemplar` is a minimal C++ library conforming to [The Beman Standard](https://github.com/bemanproject/beman/blob/main/docs/BEMAN_STANDARD.md). This can be used as a template for those intending to write Beman libraries. It may also find use as a minimal and modern C++ project structure.

**Implements**: `std::identity` proposed in [Standard Library Concepts](https://wg21.link/P0898R3).

**Status**: [Under development and not yet ready for production use.](https://github.com/bemanproject/beman/blob/main/docs/BEMAN_LIBRARY_MATURITY_MODEL.md#under-development-and-not-yet-ready-for-production-use)

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line line-length -->

This is NOT a valid README.md according to the Beman Standard: missing P number in the implements section.
